[Music]
hey are you one of those people who
believe they know what they want from
life if so you might be in for a
surprise
because your hidden desires may differ
dramatically from what you think you
need
luckily aha there's a test that can
reveal your deepest wishes but before
you get to know yourself a little bit
better hit the subscribe button and ring
the notification Bell
this way you'll join us on the bright
side of life now you'll have ten seconds
to pick one of the options a B C or wait
for it e and write down the number of
points you get for your answer in the
end your total score will tell you a
story of your desires question number
one if you could become invisible for
one day what would you do a I would play
tricks on strangers and people I know B
I would go to the roof of the tallest
building and stay there marveling at the
view C I would get on a plane and fly to
an exotic island D I would mystify my
friends by leaving small gifts for them
[Music]
if your answer is a you get your first
ten points answer B brings you 40 points
C is worth 30 points
if you chose D that's 20 points question
number two if you could be a car what
would you be a how bright red Ferrari be
a Nissan Frontier see a Fiat 500 D a
mercedes-benz e-class
[Music]
answer a is worth 10 points if you opted
for be right down 40 points if your
answer is C add 20 points to your score
D is 30 points question number 3 which
of these animals would you pick as a pet
a sloth B Panther C peacock D swan
[Music]
if your answer is a you get 40 points
answer B brings you 30 points C is worth
10 points and if you pick D write down
20 points question number 4 if you won
$100,000 in a lottery what would you
spend this money on a I would go in a
shopping spree I would finally be able
to buy everything I've been dreaming
about B I would pack a bag and set out
on a journey around the world
see I would arrange a phenomenal party
all the town would talk about this event
D I would buy amazing presents for all
my family members and friends answer a
is worth 30 points if you chose B write
down 40 points if your answer is C add
10 points to your score answer D is
worth 20 points question number 5 which
movie genre do you like the most
a adventure and action movies B biopic
successful people C psychological
thrillers D romantic comedies and
musicals
[Music]
if your answer is a that's plus ten
points to your score answer B brings you
30 points C gives you 40 points if you
opted for answer D write down 20 points
question number 6 choose the color you
like the most
a violent be baby blue C dark green
d scarlet if your answer is a you get 40
points answer B brings you 20 points C
is worth 30 points and if you chose D
that's ten points
[Music]
question number seven what is the
quality you appreciate most in other
people a kindness be determination
sea-tac D optimism
[Music]
if your answer is a your score becomes
20 points higher answer B brings you 30
points C is worth 40 points for choosing
answer D you get 10 points question
number 8 pick one word to describe
yourself a savior be Jim see sunshine D
Wallflower
[Music]
answer a is 10 points if you chose B
write down 30 points if your answer is C
add 20 points to your score answer D is
worth 40 points question number 9 if you
had the whole weekend to yourself what
would you do a not go on a picnic with a
big group of friends B I'd feel insanely
bored
C I'd spent half the time partying and
the other half sleeping Dean I'd go on a
wildlife adventure
[Music]
answer a is worth 20 points if your
answer is B write down ten points if you
pick C add 30 points to your score D
brings you 40 points and finally
question number 10 which season do you
prefer a fall be spring see blue winter
the summer
[Music]
if your answer is a that's plus 40
points to your score answer B brings you
ten points C gives you 30 points if you
opted for answer D write down 20 points
you now have 15 seconds to calculate
your total score
[Music]
are you ready then let's look at your
results if your total score is from 100
to 170 points the thing you secretly
dream about is Fame and recognition do
you want people to know and admire you
in your daydreams you picture yourself
surrounded by crowds of fans and
followers remember that everything is
possible in this world
so after you've admitted to yourself
that Fame is what you need it's time to
pull yourself together and make your
dream come true if your total score is
from 180 to 250 points your hidden
desire is to love and be loved in other
words you need a person to feel
connected to this may be a romantic
relationship or a platonic one it
doesn't matter to you you have a few
close people in your life but you often
feel as if a puzzle piece is still
missing there are moments when you feel
lonely and dream about a person you can
go to for comfort and advice at the same
time you try to conceal your desire for
a partner in crime this doesn't help the
situation admit your need and act on it
if your total score is from 260 to 330
points your deepest wish is to be rich
and successful money embodies the luxury
and comfort you've always wanted you
wish for what you don't have at the
moment too often for your liking your
exquisite taste makes you dream about
things you can't afford right now but
one day your desire to sale your own
yacht and fly in a private jet may get
you just where you want to be if your
total score is from 340 to 400 points
you want nothing more than some peace
and quiet
sometimes you feel ready to leave
everything you know and head for a calm
and tranquil place where nobody knows
you it may seem that you'd be able to
start everything from scratch there if
you do have such thoughts and wishes try
to spend more time alone with yourself
have a long walk in the park or stay on
your own and do something you love so
did you expect the result you got or was
it a complete surprise
for you tell us about your impressions
in the comments below remember to give
us a thumbs up share this video with
your friends and subscribe to the
channel to stay with us on the bright
side of life
you